Hey, Camille!
Hey!
Come on in.
They just finished.
Oh, thank you.
Hi, Mom.
Hey, sweetheart.
How was your study?
It was great.
So, what did you learn today?
I learned how Jehovah is our father.
What does that mean?
Well, Jesus taught us that we should call Jehovah our father.
But I didn't know why.
Hold on.
Where is it?
Oh, found it.
I know Jehovah created all things.
But I still didn't get it.
So, we talked about you.
What?
Jehovah is like a parent.
So, we talked about all the good things you do.
You like to give me gifts?
Jehovah gives us gifts too.
Because there's so many good things to enjoy.
Like the warm sunshine.
All the animals.
Our senses.
And so many other things.
He also listens to us.
I know I can talk to you about anything.
And I can do the same thing when I pray to Jehovah.
I know you love and care about me.
And that's how Jehovah feels about everyone.
And, well, that's basically it.
Do you want to learn more about the Bible?
Oh, well, I do learn some very nice things today.
I do have some questions.
Maybe we can talk about it next week.